OK, so this is the the first
item that you will see is a
series of picture or graphic
novel that tells a story. Please
describe what you see and what
is happening as we go through
this story. This story in
particular is about 20 pages and
we are aiming for between 10 and
15 minutes.
OK, so I'm gonna start, and you
can start whenever you're ready.
#START_journey This graphic
novel is titled for Josephine,
and in the two opening pages we
see a city.
In the center of all of the
drawings of the buildings.
Are in tan kind of golden tan in
different shades. The center of
the picture is.
A girl of around 10 sitting on
the front steps of the house.
With her hands folded on her
knees.
And leaning on the sidewalk at
the bottom of the steps is a red
scooter, which is the center of
the illustration.
Behind the girl we can see into
the rooms of the house.
Mom in the kitchen, stirring a
pot. Dad upstairs at his
computer, sis on the couch.
Looking on a screen.
Now we see the young girl inside
with her scooter at the counter
in the kitchen while Mom is on
the phone and stirring her pot.
Here she is with her red kite,
leaning over the back of dad's
chair while he leans gazing into
his computer, leans on his
elbows. Next, with her red ball,
she leans over the back of the
couch.
While SIS reclined on the couch,
is intent on her little screen.
In the next image, we see the
girl in her own room. The door
is open. On the wall is a map of
the world. Outside the window we
can see other buildings. Oh, and
here's a Kitty, asleep on the
floor of the room.
The cat. Now we see the same
room. The girl is leaning up.
She's looking at a red crayon
that's over on the side of the
floor where the cat has been and
the cat's on the way out the
door. In the next image the girl
has picked up the crayon. She's
sitting on the floor, there's
some sheets of paper and she
draws first an arch onto the
wall of the room and then draws
a door, which she opens and
enters.
She comes out of that red door
into a forest of tall, tall
trees hung with lights and blue
lanterns, and the stream runs
through the grassy runs
meandering under the trees.
On the grassy forest floor.
The young girl walks out onto
the end of a little pier and
looks down into the stream,
where she sees her reflection
holding the red crayon.
Around her we see the green glow
of the trees, the lanterns, blue
lanterns hanging from high up in
the trees, streamers of yellow
lights. She leans in the next
panel down over the pier and
draws with her red crayon into
the water a red boat.
and oh excuse me,
in that boat, she floats away.
The stream takes her out of the
forest to a great castled city,
a giant city of there's a a
Drawbridge ahead and giant
Archway. I see soldiers
guarding.
The towers and the ramparts.
Beautiful rooftops, a green
stone city with many causeways.
{And let's go to the next
image.}
Young girl in a red boat moves
up a series of locks to the high
causeways, which run around the
tops of the walls of the city.
High, high up. It's an
intricate, intricate set of
locks and rising levels and
gondoliers on small boats that
they pull.
Along the canals, our passenger
in the red boat is greeted by
soldiers who salute and wave.
Ah, the little boat comes to the
edge of the Causeway and goes
over over a waterfall, but as.
Our young lady is falling with
her red crayon. She draws a half
circle.
And draws a balloon, a red
balloon with a basket suspended
on a red basket suspended on red
ropes that takes her high above
the tallest tower, peak tower of
the city, into the clouds. And
there ahead of us. We see kind
of paddle wheel, airship driven,
Gray, and another little
balloon.
Ship high above the clouds.
Ah, there are a number. Here are
the fantastic aircraft
suspended.
On.
What would you call those
cylindrical?
I bet there's a word for that
kind of. Anyway, there's
suspended on aircraft, suspended
on balloons, powered by paddle
boats, and here, crossing the
scene, I see a purple bird with
long, long tail feathers curving
behind it.
Now we get a big full view of
that paddle wheeled airship with
its double smokestacks and the
gold. There's a gold.
Dragon it looks like with wings
spread on the front and.
Ah, on the airship has captured
the purple bird. They've cached
it somehow in one of the
airships has captured in the
lowered it into the big power
boat while the red balloon.
Young lady in the red balloon
watches, hovering nearby. {Next
image.}
He lands on the deck of the
airship, and we see her crossing
a Causeway toward a door into
one of the tunnels. And now we
see in that Golden Ark at the
that we know is that the prow of
this steamship, the bird in the
golden cage, is guarded between
two soldiers.
And climbing up.
Red Crayon in in her hand, just
reaching the top top of a ladder
to the very peak, is our young
heroine.
She grabs the golden cage with
the Purple bird and runs with it
while the guards, taken by
surprise, are shocked and begin
to fall follow her.
She's out on the very tip, the
very front prow of the airship
and the guards.
Are just coming after her. But
she has released the Purple Bird
from its cage. It's taking off,
and she reaches to grab its tail
feathers.  Oh wait,
she's forgotten the red crayon?
Oh no.
The young lady is captured.
One of the guards throws her red
crayon off the prow and.
She is dragged away by two
soldiers.
Let me do that again. The young
lady is captured and dragged off
the platform.
While one of the soldiers, the
captain, drops the red crayon
off the edge, and now we see
that our heroine is in a cage
suspended from the propeller of
the.
Airship.
And two guards are lowering her
by a pulley.
But the purple bird with the red
crayon in its mouth swoops down
to the cage while the young
woman leaps for joy. Crayon now,
she very he bends down with the
bird on her shoulder and begins
to draw a line, then a triangle,
then another line, now a
rectangle, while the bird.
Watches on.
She draws for herself a flying
carpet, and on it we see her fly
high above the city, leaving the
cage behind while the bird leads
the way.
On the Starry night sky, we see
her flying on her red carpet.
The bird far ahead.
In a beautiful scarlet purple
sky and desert.
The little girl's landed and
stepped off the red magic carpet
with a crayon in her hand. She's
led toward a palm tree with a
Violet door, which the bird
stands Sentinel beside.
The girl bends.
Turns the knob of the Violet
door, opens it, and the bird
flies in ahead of her. She
crawls after the bird through
the Violet door.
She now we're back in the city.
Young girl climbs out of a
mailbox with the red crayon in
her hand and the purple bird
flies to be greeted by a young
boy with a purple crayon in his
hand.
The purple bird perches on the
boy's shoulder, and he helps the
girl stand up. With her red
crayon She draws a circle.
With his purple crayon, he draws
a purple circle.
There's two circles. They make a
bicycle, a two seated bicycle.
And with the bird flying over
their shoulder, they head off
down the city street.
#END_journey
Yeah, that was very good. That
was 12 minutes and you finished
the story. Ohh good. Yeah.
OK. So next one.
Instead of a series of picture,
we just have one. Um, please
take between three and five
minutes to describe what you
see.
#START_waldo_1 This is one in a
series of where is Waldo?
And you see.
Crowded scene centered around a
triangle intersection in which
several streets branch off into
side streets and different
colored buildings surround. Lots
of people and lots of activity
here in these buildings.
Starting at the bottom.
And going across from the left,
there are window washers up
washing, and in every window we
can see people going, someone
walking in the door, people
walking by on the sidewalk.
Here in the Plaza there are
several booths set up and people
around them. Dogs meeting dogs,
old folks on canes, a lot of
kids playing. Here's a plant
store.
Uh.
Several stripe tents and booths.
Rather, several striped awnings
over the booths.
Cars are moving around this
triangle intersection, and
there's a fountain in the middle
of the section. There's even
someone was with a mask and
flippers who's riding the top of
the fountain.
There is.
There is a.
It's a Macedonian warrior with
bow and arrow statue that's
being examined by several
children.
Uh, here on the right.
Bottom.
Someone is receiving a medal.
Kids are riding bicycles. It
looks like someone is coming out
of a manhole cover.
It's like there may be some
drunks falling down here. I
can't tell what's going on for
sure here.
But like I say, there's a lot
going on. There's a motorcycle
racing through the intersection,
almost hitting a couple
pedestrians.
A window washer has dropped his
water and it's about to fall
onto the head of a man who's
strutting down the street in a
very nice suit.
Across the street from them.
In the Sidewalk Cafe a waiter is
spilling his wine while there's
the thing that's going on
everywhere. People are outside
Windows talking to each other.
I don't see Waldo anywhere, but
like I say in the repair shop of
cars, got everything out of the
engine and spread all over the
floor. See there's even people
on the roofs.
Umm.
And like I say, I don't see
Waldo anywhere.
wait wait wait wait wait wait.
Back down to the bottom to the
blue and white striped at him
above there with a cane.
#END_waldo_1
Oh, yes, yes.
OK, let's go. OK, cool. So
again, for the next complex
scene, tape between three and
five minutes to describe what
you see.
#START_picture_this This is a
double page.
illustration that's crowded with
smaller illustrations. Cartoon
drawings.
Of all sorts of different,
mostly comical, some outrageous
characters. There's all sorts
of.
Possibilities. Here's a couple
knights in armor who are chasing
someone with the club and a
spear.
Here's another guy in armor
who's.
Hitting another.
Armored man with a flagon of
what looks like beer that's and
his flagon is falling.
Uh, here's a guy with Popeyes.
Here's yet another guy in armor.
Looks like he's had a shield.
Cracked over his head.
Umm.
There's a man in a suit with a
man bun riding a motorcycle, and
next to him is what looks like a
reindeer with one antler holding
the sword.
There's a man coming up out of a
a box with what looks like a
thatch roof on his head with the
chimney.
Some sort of.
extraterrestrial image. Here's a
fish with a dog head, a man with
a bat, back a a man with
groceries slipping and about to
hit his hind end. Uh something
on the ball and about to hide.
Here's a Viking in a horn cat
being carried away by a woman in
a green dress.
Ohh.
Here's the very comfortable
looking gorilla seated with his
hands crossed. Here's another
image of a man strutting along
in sporty outfit with a bucket
of water about to hit his head.
Here's a here's a hippopotamus
of swallowing the.
paddle held by two identically
dressed men in lederhosen and
Alpine caps and Green Jackets.
Well, you get the idea. There's
all sorts of images here, and
they're all together in a jumble
of brown frames, like they were
interlapped.
And piled on top of each other
at crazy angles. However, in the
very lower right hand corner, a
caveman in loincloth is walking
outside of this jumble of photos
and off by himself.
#END_picture_this OK, good. That
was about 3 minutes, so very
good.
OK, I'm gonna try another one
then.
Ohh golly, another one of these.
Yep, you will get a lot of these
in a row.
#START_ancient_rome We're in the
Colosseum in ancient Rome.
Around the top of the frame we
see.
We see the wall of the Colosseum
with soldiers lining it and
people in seats, and at the
bottom again we see.
From the back, the crowd on the
opposing circular wall. Out in
the sand of the arena.
There are dozens of figures
pulling Chariots, a number of
those lions in profusion and
wandering around. In fact, at
the top of the, the Lions are
climbing on top of each other in
a kind of cheerleaders
construction and getting up into
the stands. There they're
building a pyramid and climbing
on top of each other and getting
up over the wall.
Ohh.
Aye there are Lots of lions and
lots of battles and activity,
mostly with swords of.
All sorts of weapons and
Shields, and as I say, several.
Several Chariots being driven by
teams of four or five horses.
There's a leopard.
Actually there are a bun bunch
of leopards here. Dotted
leopards.
Oh, oh, that lion has got that
gladiator. He's down for sure.
Um.
In fact shot by shot, it looks
like the animals are winning
over the humans.
Here's a lion crouching, sitting
on its sitting on its rub, with
a bib tied around his neck and a
knife and a fork in his hand.
And here's a few Cubs that are
trying out, too.
#END_ancient_rome
Next image. Alright, that was
also about 3 minutes OK.
So then we are all these items
are randomized and it happens
that there will be a few of
these in consecutively. So again
you get.
A complex scene.
#START_exhibit_12 This image is
of the great portrait image.
The Great Portrait exhibit and
it shows a crowd, a congestion
of people.
On several levels of exhibit.
The walls are bright red, and
bright red is the dominant color
of the pages. Against these
there are several gallery
levels, mezzanine levels that
are reached by stairs. These are
white mezzanines.
And it seems there are several
levels of these, like a theater
with steps going up to each one.
It's so packed with people it's
hard to make out the contours of
the building.
Against the red walls there are.
Dozens of portraits.
They're stacked on top of each
other.
The people, as I say, are so
congested it's hard to make out
individual figures. Here's a
couple men hanging the portraits
who are tumbling off their their
ladder, it looks like. Portrait
of a clown. Another is a Dutch
gentleman in full array. Here's
a portrait of a king.
There is Grant Wood's American
gothic.
Family portraits.
Revolutionary War era. Ohh.
There are all sorts of figures
and faces. Uh.
Not all the images are distinct
enough, and, as I say, the crowd
every inch of.
Photo.
And I cannot make out a whole
lot more than that.
#END_exhibit_12 Let's go to the
next image.
OK. So next item.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo This
image is illustration is called
escape from the zoo and the
central action of a crowded zoo
scene.
Is what looks like.
Escape of a two-horned
rhinoceros.
And.
I'm trying to see if there's
something on the rhinoceros'
back. It looks like he has a
Penguin.
Umm.
That may be extraneous to the
Stampede of the rhinoceros.
Anyway, the rhinoceros is.
Making a Stampede down the main
Causeway at the lower right of
our frame and we see the people
fleeing ahead of it. They're
really quite panicky and
terrified and there's even a
snake people that's escaping the
scene and.
It's hard to tell what's set
off.
The rhinoceros. I'm looking
behind it now.
In the overlooking cage, the
Lions are watching watch,
overlooking the escape of the
rhinoceros with what looks like
envy and satisfaction.
And also some of the kids are
jumping down into the lions cage
to escape the rhinoceros.
Behind us.
We see the rest of the zoo. Many
people are unaware of what's
going on. We see a lot of
strange creatures. There's an
ice cream stand, a kind of.
A pond with the kind of ice ice
castle in it. At the top and
back of the frame we see a
family of gorillas looking on.
A Penguin has somehow gotten
hold of a biplane and is flying
over the Antelope farm. A
parrot's got loose.
I think that's about all that's
significant. Lot. Lots of
different exhibits. Zebras,
monkeys and the striped rhesus
monkeys are up at the top on a
tree, watching over the whole
spectacle.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo Next.
All right.
Keep going and try another item
like that.
#START_being_a_pirate This image
is called being a pirate.
And most of the drawing.
Is the water.
And we see the beach and land to
the very right of the sea. Water
is crowded with ships and boats.
There are two large rigged.
sailboats.
One of them has three masts, the
other two.
And off to one side we see half
of another boat that's flying
the skull and crossbones of the
pirate craft.
And these littler boats, the
crowd, the water seemed to be
themselves, all pirates who are
surrounding and attacking the
larger ship, the three masted
ship in the foreground, which is
trying, I believe, to fight them
off. And in fact we see yet
another pirate ship by the skull
and crossbones. And on land.
It looks like there are
defending soldiers on land and
some on the boats.
The upper right we see a number
of fighters who are blue and
white striped jerseys. Several
teams of them are on the boats
in the water, seeming to be
attacking the pirate boat at the
top of the frame. And there are
many more on ship who are
dragging a boat to the water.
On the.
Ship itself.
Big ship in the foreground. Most
of those sailors are blue and
white stripes, so they seem to
be defending the ship against
the pirates who are attacking
them. So there seems to be a
double attack here of two
different ships.
Uh.
Or 1 ship and a number of
smaller ships there is.
A larger three masts ship being
attacked by pirates and smaller
boats and what looks like one
larger boat to one side and in
the background there is a pirate
ship that is being attacked.
Maybe by the loyalists, the
soldiers, though I notice.
Uh, I noticed a little pirate
ship in the back that there is a
striped.
Figure at the end of a plank
being being
Ordered by a mayor pirate with
the sword and waiting in the
water as an assembly of sharks
waiting for him to go down.
#END_being_a_pirate next image.
Right. OK.
#START_unfriendly_giants This is
an illustration of the land of
the unfriendly giants.
And we see, uh, a number of
scenes in this land.
The unfriendly giants are
harassing and tyrannizing the
little people.
And we see a number of scenes of
the horrible treatment of the
little people by the Giants. In
one group. The Giants are using
them as figures on a chess
board.
And the back end of one of the
Giants smacks down the host of
the little people who may have
been rebelling and trying to
attack. And on the other side of
the chess board we see the same
thing. One of the Giants is
smacking back on the troop of
little people who are trying to
attack them.
Here, on the other side of the
frame, the Giants drain the lake
with straws to shoot streams of
water on armies of the little
people. Another giant pulls up a
tree to offer as a bouquet to
his ladylove.
Here.
All the giant with little people
strapped to his belt like
trophies.
And.
Others wade in the rivers and.
Treat the.
People with boats like toys.
Another Giants pulled up the
tree and uses it a broom as a
broom to sweep up the little
people.
Others attack their castles and.
Trump on.
The crowds that come out of the
castle.
Merely a bad place for little
people to live.
#END_unfriendly_giants Next
image, OK.
#START_campsite This is a large
scene of the tent and trailer
camp with a stream running
through it.
And hills and fields in the
background.
Number of things going on here,
hikers.
Some of them seemed to be
falling over with exhaustion.
Yeah.
I don't entirely understand this
scene.
Ohh.
There are a lot of camper like
activities going on here. A lot
of people are hiking here,
someone blowing up a tent
number. Tents are struck and
people are lounging in and out
of them. Here's a tent that
seems to have collapsed around
its occupants. People were
setting out on chairs in front
of their tents and smoking,
Visiting. On the walks, people
were walking and as I say, I
don't quite understand the scene
they seemed to be.
Seemed to be an angry bull in a
hedged actually several tables
and kids are jumping in to wave
red clouds at the one that's
bulls is short snorting. As I
said, I don't see why people are
crawling and falling over. That,
that puzzles me. And here's
another bull in another
enclosure.
There seem to be a troop of Boy
Scouts of working out and in in
the moat, there's people in
bathing suits on a riverboat.
There's a couple on a canoe.
There seem to be fish in there,
and what may be a mermaid yes in
fact two mermaids waving and a
man with a fishing pole.
Um.
A number of figures in red and
white striped that's I'm
assuming to confuse us about
where Waldo is. This is where
Waldo scene isn't it?
I'm seeing.
There is a long series of
striped jerseys. #END_campsite
Next image. OK, well let's take
a break now.
Please again describe what you
see and.
Try to keep it in between three
and five minutes.
#START_wild_west This is a Wild
West scene.
Of a crowded frontier town.
There's a Stagecoach stranded on
the railroad tracks with the
train coming.
There are Cowboys everywhere.
Here's the jail.
Here's a horse that's
identifying a Stagecoach drawing
of a Stagecoach. Here's a parade
of Buffalo head stamps, 29 cent
stamps.
At the saloon, it looks like
there's a.
Gunman with rope on the porch
roof.
Hmm.
A lot of saloons in this time.
In fact, it looks like
everything in the town is a
saloon, a hotel. There is a
general store and a livery
stable.
Ohh.
Lots of figures. Here's a.
Troop of doctors with suitcases
it looks like.
And in the very back of the
scene, a man on a White Horse
is.
Riding away into.
A poster. A screen of the
sunset.
Breaking through a screen, it
looks like. There's a couple.
Here's a sheriff chasing a
robber on the porch roof. Here,
on another saloon roof, there's
a band playing.
What's the people on on the
roofs in these in here. In fact,
every roof seems to have
something going on and in every
balcony. #END_wild_west next
image, OK.
Well, that was about 2 minutes,
so tried to include a little
more detail for the next one,
but the next one is the story.
So we're aiming for 10 between
10 and 15 minutes.
OK.
#START_arrival_6 These
illustrations are done in sepia.
We see a bowl on a table next to
the window.
And a wing creature.
With long.
antenna like horns, pointed
horns, flying creature.
Lands on the rim of the bowl.
And then seems to disappear
inside.
Hmm.
Through the window.
or the mirror it may be, we see
a man dipping a quill into right
on the sheet of paper. He's
wearing a vest and there's a gas
light beside him, and what we
see him do is fold the he's
written on the sheet of paper.
Now he folds it into.
A bird.
And puts that bird into an
envelope along with some.
Coin, some Bills of money, licks
the envelope, puts on a stamp,
walks down.
Some stairs. A woman get a woman
with a basket gives him
directions. He by the way is
accompanied by what looks like a
mouse like creature with a long
lizard like tail, fish like head
and.
fish fin Shaped growth on the
back of his head. She's carried
something in her basket. With a
curving tail. She points him to
what turns out to be a winged
mail and conical.
Topped mailbox.
And he puts the letter into this
mailbox.
And we see him look up into the
sky now.
He's walking across the
landscape in which the trees are
single leaves. Floating above
him is the mailbox on some
circular ball like balloon.
That's.
Floating away.
OK, next.
Ah.
In this series of panels we see
a single leaf that splits and
splits and divides and in the
center grows a curved tendril
which.
Grows up into a disc.
Then the leaves.
Die away, and the disc on its
single stock grows larger and
larger and out of its.
Sunflower like segments, there
begin to issue birds.
And it's filaments begin to come
apart like a dandelion and
through a series of panels.
it.
Shrinks and darkens becomes
flower like and.
Out of its individual segments,
there appear and then grow a
series of.
Seeds like lemon seeds or
pomegranate seeds, and one by
one these drop out onto the
ground and as the season
darkens, the.
The six.
So it's got six. What are the
half circles? Anyway. The flower
darkens, begins to skeletonize,
begins to shed its.
It's segments until it becomes
lace like in the snow. {next
image.}
We're seeing.
A fantastic city. A huge city
with giant walls and smokestacks
and strange designs. The
rooftops are peaked and conical.
There are sweeping, swirling
shapes and in the background.
Number of furrowed hillsides and
wispy smoke tars, disappearing
into the distance.
We see again the pot that we saw
earlier, and out of it there
come.
1.
Bird like creature.
And behind it, the hungry mouths
of a series of chicks, three of
them in all, and wing creature
returns to feed them. Now we see
the room itself, a man who is
sitting on the end of his unmade
bed, gazing at a family photo of
three figures. We see his desk,
laundry hanging in the lines,
and.
In the window opening we see
that wing creature feeding its
its chicks. Now we see the the
other animal that the fish like.
Thing with the long curving
tail. It seems to be waking from
its its sleeping place.
On the bed behind the man and it
wakens slips off the bed. The
man looks back to see where it's
gone while it's gone down.
What looks like an attic opening
with a ladder coming out. Now,
the man climbs down the ladder
and his creature points to a
letter that's come into the
mailbox, which he reaches. Picks
up, opens.
And finds inside.
A folded paper bird, and he
reads a crumpled.
Crumpled paper, smiling. He's
happy with his message, and now,
with the paper still in his
hand, he looks out the window
and up into the sky. {Next
image} Here we see the crab like
folded paper with its four
folded feet and its curved tail.
Next.
Next the.
Pyramid shaped top of an opening
that has dishes inside. Here's
the coat rack with a hat and
coat.
Here's a dish with some sort of
strange vegetable or animal with
curved tails. Here's a drawing
of an airship on paper, another
utensil.
A a cup with a strange handle on
a on a folded napkin. Here's the
family photo of mother, father
and daughter, and here's a hand
that is putting.
Big coin into a child's open
hand.  Here's the
family.
Well, maybe a family at the
table. There's the mother,
brother, older brother and
younger sister.
The brother is holding up three
fingers.
So on their plates we see those
odd vegetable things. We see in
fact all the items that we just
saw in the individual drawings.
Down at the bottom, grinning, is
the house pet.
with the fish head and the
curved tail. Here we see the
little girl putting on her
boots. The fish head brings her
her knit cap, tasseled cap,
which she then puts on and with
the animal accompanying her they
go down the steps outside.
And we see them.
Seeing bright.
Seedlings, bright seeds or
bright.
Items on the ground, on the
ground points at them, and then
it seems to lift one up into the
air, where it shines
beautifully. #END_arrival_6 OK,
good.
Items.
And then this is another story.
It's about 20 pages. Ohh golly.
#START_return We see a cross
section view of the House.
Uh.
The entryway is empty and the
kitchen is empty, but upstairs
dad is at his drawing board in
shorts and we see a red kite
that seems to be floating in the
door.
And into the next room and down
the stairs.
Uh, the other occupant in the
house is downstairs at the other
side. And there a young girl
wearing a crown is drawing a
door with Red Crayon on the wall
of her bedroom. Also in in.
The room under her arm there is
a red bowling ball.
Hanging from the ceiling is a.
Red Ball balloon with a.
With a passenger basket, small,
also hanging from the ceiling.
There is something purple.
Which is the same Violet color,
Violet color as.
A shape on the bed.
I think that's gonna be that
bird, but let's go on, OK?
Dad and his drawing board turns
around and sees the red kite on
the floor.
Gets up, crouches this down and
picks it up.
Then he leaves it there. He goes
downstairs into the room that
the girl was just left, and
looks through the open red door
where she has perhaps
disappeared.
No. Yes. He comes through the
door into a lighted forest.
Tall, tall trees and at the end
of the pier in the next frame we
see the red volleyball.
At the end of a wood pier at the
edge of the stream.
Dad goes out and picks up the
volleyball and coming around the
curve of the stream is a dragon
headed Viking boat. It comes to
the pier. He gets on the boat.
And it takes him to a huge to
the.
Open gates of a large castle
with many towers and a domed
domed roofs. In the next frame
we see him.
Drifting across the Causeway or
no?
He excuse me, he's looking.
He has his hand up to his eyes,
looking ahead, and what he sees
on a red boat going across the
Causeway is the little girl.
Who
Went through the door ahead of
him. Above the scene is a full
moon over a beautiful sky.
Dad docks his wooden his ship
and jumps on to.
The pier.
Behind the the girl with the
crown who is going up the steps
to greet.
Greet the Queen, the king, the
King and his crowd with his
crown, a boy with a crown, and
the purple bird which is flying
overhead.
I don't know how to describe
this. I see in this scene, dad.
Is approaching inquisitively.
The king and the boy.
Watch.
the Girl.
Sticks her nose up next to a
throne.
On the platform, dad,
The the boy and the girl and the
King see a soldier approaching.
Running toward them.
Number of soldiers are coming.
Several soldiers are exiting a
boat at the at the dock. The
king holds up his golden crayon.
With his golden crayon, the king
draws a line.
Which turns into.
A sword that foils.
The soldiers who are attacking
him.
But two of the soldiers.
Grasp hold of him. one other.
Is running away with.
The golden box.
Gold clock?
However, the boy with his
Violet.
Crayon draws a wing and then a
Violet flying horse, winged
horse.
Which?
Escapes with Dad and the boy and
the girl. In vain the soldier,
now wearing the crown and
carrying the gold clock, reaches
after trying to prevent them.
They fly away on the purple
bird.
While the the wing Viking ship
with the soldiers and the king
pursue them.
Not the golden bird, the the
winged horse with its purple
wings, which seem to.
Drag the.
Big ship behind them.
I'm sure the narrative, whether
King's been captured or he's
pursuing them.
Ohm.
The King holds the boy who hangs
from his hand.
And.
One of the soldiers seems to be
sucking the purple feathers.
Into that clock box. Dad grabs.
The girl who holds on to her red
crayon though her crown flies
off.
And now we see Dad and the
little girl and the purple bird
descending deep into the water
and around them.
Groups of fish and dark.
Dark.
Mountain peaks.
But now underwater.
The little girl draws what looks
like a.
Capsule around them, her and dad
and the purple bird.
And she draws a red submarine.
That she and Dan and the bird
were able to ride.
On the ocean floor.
The submarine takes them to the
mouth of a great cavern.
Where the beach and the bird
takes flight.
The little girl points to.
Strange hierograph hieroglyphs
drawn on the wall of.
The cavern.
They show someone drawing with a
crayon, someone boring.
A bird.
Like our bird out of a bucket
like our bucket and here's the
kind of airship.
Meanwhile.
The Viking ship is landing at
the outside of the cavern while
the bird and the little girl and
dad watched fearfully around the
side of a pillar of rock.
Dad takes his crayon.
And draws A frame that holds a
perch for the purple bird.
They draw.
They draw a kind of.
Gazebo. They draw a tall square
gazebo on which the perch with
the purple bird swings. And here
comes one of the soldiers with
that fanned contraption drawing
in the tail of the bird. He
comes running up the ramp.
Into the cage.
And the four sides of the cage
close around him.
Capturing him in what turns out
to have been a trapped cage
while the bird, of course.
has escaped in the box. {Next
image.}
And now we see the bird and
great swirls of color exploding
out of the box. They sweep
around and fill the whole
cavern, illuminate and sweep out
of.
The cavern into the sky. They
also they also generate.
A variety of wind creatures
butterfly like creatures that
seem to float and fly on.
The swirls of color. The central
one is the familiar shape of our
bird, which looks extremely.
Sharp beaked and sharp talent.
We see the creatures.
All retreating out into the
water, while at the mouth of The
Cave, dad and the little girl
and the king with his hand on
the boys shoulder, watched them
depart.
Uh.
While most of them are in the
sea, flying above them is the
winged horse who holds the trap,
the cage in his feet.
In the next image we see the
little girl hugging dad.
At the door.
Coming through the door is the
tail, the red tail of the kite,
and off to the side stand the
king and the little boy with the
purple bird on the King's
shoulder.
And now we see the kite flying
over.
.The city scene. And on the
cross section of the house, we
see the empty basement and
entryway and dead study in the
attic. All empty. #END_return
next image. OK, that was it.
That was the story.
So how are you doing?
Little tired, yeah.
OK, moving on to the next item.
It is a complex scene.
So please take between three and
five minutes to just describe
what you see.
#START_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
This scene is called dinosaurs,
spacemen and ghouls.
It's one of it's a where's Waldo
series and it's crowded with
figures, a lot of them very
strange. on.
Left side, upper side, there's a
mixture. Well, they're mixed in
everywhere. There's the
dinosaurs mixed in with the
Cavemen.
There seem to be real people
here too, but there's also a lot
of spacemen and on the other
side toward the top.
Are the spaceships.
Though it's strange they seem to
be against.
A framework background drop like
a stage setting and the flying
saucer seem to be hanging from
cables with the pulleys on them.
And a lot of them seem I see
signs of film, cameras and
lighting.
This must be some sort of.
Film production, yes, because
the buildings across the bottom
of the frame are all sets.
They're all single wall or
double wall kinds of
construction.
And in one of them here, I see
actors who are making up in
front of mirrors.
And here's another scene with
lights in which.
The ghouls are being
photographed.
And there are a lot of technical
people along with the cameras.
Over here is another set.
This is a cafeteria.
And it may in fact, be the film
technicians. Real cafeteria.
There are Cavemen waiting in
line and spacemen sitting at
tables, along with real people.
#END_dinasours_spacemen_and_ghouls
Next image. OK, so go on to the
next scene. Next scene.
#START_make_a_splash This scene
is called making a splash, and
we're at a water park with a lot
of slides and rides.
And it's packed with people.
We're asked to find 10 Penguins
here.
Amongst all of these people.
This is a very integrated scene.
There are a number of people of
color.
And people of different races
mixed together, different
costumes, kids and older people,
and we see a lot of people
riding the slides and the pirate
boat in the background.
So far I have not seen any
Penguins. Here's some kids
riding what look like wafers or
circles on floats and diving off
them.
Ohh.
There is a big sea serpent that
a lot of kids are riding,
inflatable sea serpent and some
very large beach balls, some of
them bigger than people
themselves.
And.
People lying on towels and
blankets, they're on the shore.
Fortunately, there's a lifeguard
on watch.
Next image I didn't see any
Penguins. #END_make_a_splash
That's OK, just describe the
scene. Yes.
Moving on.
This is a story. It's about.
8 pages and please take between
10 and 15 minutes.
#START_arrival_5 This is the
city of the owls. It's along the
water and there are a number of
boats, small boats on the dock.
But overlooking the scene, there
are a number of heads of owls,
buildings in the shape of owl
heads.
And flying over a number of
birds, night birds that maybe
are owls or remind us of them.
Here in a series of small
frames.
It looks like a meal is being
prepared.
The.
Grocer, it looks like prepares a
basket.
And the boy, accompanied by two
strange long tailed animals,
carries the basket and delivers
it to a woman.
Who
Hugs.
Lovingly a man who now holds the
basket.
And she invites in, she and what
seems to be her her husband.
Ah.
Invite in.
A well mannered young man in a
suit and tie.
They share a drink together. She
takes the items out of the
basket, cuts a cucumber looking
kind of item starfish item,
takes other items out and
prepares them. Brushes, brushes
a dish of a kind of chicken
creature with something in a
cup.
And now they share. They share
their dinner. The items look
very strange.
The boy feeds the two pets.
The mother and the young man in
his vest have had conversation.
We see a series of images of
them around the table laughing.
Dad plays an accordion like
instrument. Mom plays what looks
like a pipe that the boy has a
mandolin.
And in the course of it, the
young man in the vest takes a
piece of paper and folds it into
a kind of cat, though again with
one of those long flashing
tails, and the boy holds it
delicately and happily. Dad
reaches into one of the.
Cabinets and out of it, takes
the bowl that he and mom hold
together and treasure.
And we see this bowl.
On, uh, a table.
Mom wakes up.
No. Excuse me, it's the young
man in his nightshirt wakes up.
He's wakened up by the fish head
pet. He puts on his shirt and he
slices.
Something. polka dotted egg like
thing with a tail and feeds
pieces of it to the pet. He now
puts on his coat. The pet brings
him his hat in its mouth.
Uh, we see people walking in a
misty city. There's a couple of
those strange pets with them, a
couple more flying over, and we
see a series of of scenes.
People, men.
I don't know what they're doing
straddling on the street. Here's
a man in a sombrero who's
feeding uh fish like creatures
out of a basket. Here's people
with unusual hats who are
exchanging over a a counter man
painting on a ladder, a woman
with a pushcart.
Here that man in the suit he
does a series of transactions
with first what looks like a
cook and a chef's baker's cap
someone.
in a large piece of machinery
who is turning him away. All
these people seem to turn him
away. The chef, the man by the
machine.
An Asian woman behind a counter.
In the shop.
And even at a giant air.
Airship.
Factory where men are sweeping
up. #END_arrival_5
Next.
Ohh OK so that was this series
of pictures. Ohh OK yeah so then
we can look at a couple more.
The next one is a story. This
will be the last one we do is
around 11 pages.
And then please take between.
10 minutes? Yeah, around 10
minutes to describe the story.
#START_flowerman It's night time
in a village.
Next to a dried out lake.
In the lake we see a half-buried
anchor, a wrecked car that
someone is apparently.
Let fall into the water and the
rotted end of a dock on a
lighted bridge over the channel.
It looks like an older man in a.
Fur collar coat and a pork pie
hat is walking over.
The arched bridge.
The town is dark. There's a gas
station.
A bar, a bait shop and.
In the background, a fair Ferris
wheel and smokes coming from
chimneys.
Uh.
The man in the blue hat and the
fur lined collar is walking
through the city at night and in
windows we see a number of
people.
Doing different things, a man
slouching on a corner.
There are a few people out, some
someone is on a.
Motorcycle driving.
The street seem mostly empty.
The man in the blue cap arrives
at what looks like a little
cottage that's been with the for
sale sign up front The yard has
gone to weed. The shutters have
rotted off. We see rotted
curtains in the windows and
around it.
Are a number. All the other
houses and windows are occupied
by neighbors around doing
different things and a man in.
A fat man in a bathtub.
A balding artists with long
hair.
Two men talking on a corner.
Next.
Ah, it's daytime now. Lots of
people are out. The whole scene
is Gray, except for the little
house where.
Our gentleman, white haired
gentleman, is putting up a fresh
blue shutter and.
The roof is purple, only the
house.
Its grass and lawn mower in
front are in color. Everything
else is in Gray, yeah.
And everywhere in the Windows,
people are out or are walking.
It's a cartoon scene.
And all the figures are cartoon
exaggerated. And now in the next
one again the the little House
is the only part in color. It
has a beautiful.
uh beautiful orange and yellow
and green tree above it, the
purple roof, the blue shutters.
And a little old man.
Is that the end of his walk?
Picking daisies he's done on his
knees, weeding and picking
daisies. He's waving at the.
The motorcycle driver with one
other figure is in color, and
that's a figure of a little
redheaded girl with her hair.
in a bunch behind her head and
she's carrying something I
cannot see.
Now, a lot of.
The frame is coming into color
shutters here and there.
Here's the artist. Interior is
now orange.
Awnings over one one of the
house are in color.
There is a family in black and
white who are moving out.
And there one of their awnings
is half in color.
It seems to be that color has
moved into the neighborhood that
this old man in his blue cap
and.
Jacket moved into this.
Decrepid rundown house.
And brought it back to life. And
the color is now spreading
around the neighborhood. There's
a fire plug. {Go back a second,
please.}
There's that little girl who's
hugging.
Someone. Look on the left there.
She's hugging our old man.
And he's out doing.
Something.
Ah, the whole scene is in color
now.
Ohh.
Here's a couple dancing on the
street. People are out.
It seems the color has spread
over the whole neighborhood,
that all of the awnings and the
roofs, the shutters, have come
into color.
Here's a man selling his
paintings out on the sidewalk.
Here on the other side is
someone playing a guitar
outside.
Ah, it's gone night. And the
whole scene is in color and
richly detailed.
High on one roof.
I see old man and what looked
like his grandchildren looking
through a telescope and
spotting.
A number of people are out on
their roofs today, the man in
the bathtub with a towel around
his neck is up on his roof.
Hmm.
There are new tenants in the
house below him.
Ah.
The artist where is he?
This place is completely empty.
Bed is made the easels up.
Here's an old couple walking.
It's night time and we're in the
same city, but from a different
view, a different perspective.
There are many people out on the
streets and this is an
unfamiliar intersection.
Uh.
People were up there there are a
number of people at their
windows.
Little girl looking up. A couple
could be seen dancing in their
apartment.
And at their door there's that
same slouching figure that we've
seen before.
Ah.
Can't quite tell what these
people next to him are doing.
Uh, here's the old man in the
blue cap.
And the green coat.
And he is.
Out on the street at night.
In another Gray scene.
He's carrying what looks like a
large potato with labels on it.
Maybe it's, but it's a valise of
some kind of football shaped
valise and it does have patches
on it. He's holding what looks
like a diamond shape by the
very.
tip of it.
Ohh.
He's being watched out the
window by a man who looks
surprised, a pipe smoking man
with glasses and a bow tie.
There seems to be evidence in
surprise of some kind.
And though most of the scene is
in.
Gray. There is a little dog in
front of him with a big tongue
and ears sticking up who is in
color.
As the old man walks by, the man
in the window.
Is holding a red flower and he's
now his bow tie and his cheeks
and face are in color.
A girl with a.
A girl with curly hair is
holding in front of her a purple
flower to great delight and
pleasure, with a big smile on
her face and wide eyes. And we
see the man with the valise and
his dog just walking away on the
right side of the picture.
#END_flowerman
Next. OK, we are all good today.
Ohh OK.